+++
title = "Grpc services with Rust"
date = 2021-07-22
description = "Connecting your web api to a grpc service to scale your microservices backend.  When building your services to be distributed, inter-service communication can be sped up by using a binary format such as protobuffers to communicate between your application facing services and your backend microservices.  This article walks throuh setting up basic Grpc enabled services with Rust."
[taxonomies]
stacks=["rust", "protobuff"]
frameworks=["actix-web", "tonic"]
+++

In this post I'll begin laying out the framework for a passwordless (aka - Magic Link) solution to secure a backend API.
> Magic links are a way to use passwordless authentication
> most often found in web and/or mobile apps

- whole bunch of stuff to read 
- whole bunch of stuff to read 
- whole bunch of stuff to read 
- whole bunch of stuff to read 

whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole [bunch](http://www.google.com) of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 

## whole bunch of stuff to read 

```rust
#[derive(Serialize, Deserialize)]
pub struct LetMeInData {
    email: String,
}

```

whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
whole bunch of stuff to read 
