+++
title = "Zola + TailwindCSS"
date = 2021-08-06
description = "Learn to generate a markdown powered static blog styled by TailwindCSS quickly and easily with Zola. Or just clone the linked repo to get up and running quickly."
[taxonomies]
stacks=["rust", "css", "html"]
frameworks=["tailwindcss", "zola", "jamstack"]
header=["HOW TO"]
+++
## Introduction
### Zola
If you need to create a no-fuss fast-loading blog quickly, check out [Zola](https://www.getzola.org/). I've used a ton of [Jamstack](https://jamstack.org/generators) frameworks in the past and while Zola is relatively lesser well-known than some of the other generators, it's exactly the trimmed down featureset getting out of your way that gets you up and running super fast that is the real selling point. Couple that with the fact that Zola is written in Rust and deployed as a single self-contained binary, which means incredibly fast generation times and for many projects, you won't need anything more. 
After [installing](https://www.getzola.org/documentation/getting-started/installation/), the [getting started](https://www.getzola.org/documentation/getting-started/overview/#first-steps-with-zola) instructions are clear and easy to follow to get a basic markdown-powered blog up and running.

### TailwindCSS
Once you have your site up and running you'll want to style your pages.  You can follow Zola's instructions for [using Sass](https://www.getzola.org/documentation/content/sass/) if you're into handcoding all of your css.  The benefit of this is you won't have to install any other dependencies since Zola includes the Sass processor in its' self-contained binary.  Otherwise, checkout [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/).  TailwindCSS is a rapid-development utility-first CSS framework for quickly assembling any design you would be able to build with vanilla CSS. Since TailwindCSS is not included in the Zola binary, you'll have to jump through a few simple hoops to get it running as part of your site development workflow.  Once you're set up, however, you won't have to think about it anymore.

## Preparing your Zola site for TailwindCSS

### Installing TailwindCSS
If you followed the getting started instructions for Zola, you should have a project file structure similar to the following:
```fish

/
├─ themes/
├─ templates/
├─ static/
├─ sass/
├─ content/
├─ config.toml

```
In your project root directory, use yarn to install TailwindCSS and the Tailwind typography plugin, which will handle applying styles to your markdown output when the pages are generated.
```fish
yarn add tailwindcss@latest @tailwindcss/typography
```
Then run `npx tailwindcss init` to generate tailwind config and postcss config files in your project root.  Open tailwind.config.js and replace the contents with the following:
```js
// ./tailwind.config.js

module.exports = {
  purge: ["./templates/**/*.html", "./theme/**/*.html"],
  theme: {},
  variants: {},
  plugins: [
      require('@tailwindcss/typography'),
  ],
};

```
You won't need the sass folder, but you will need a styles folder so go ahead and add a styles folder and remove the sass folder.
Create a styles.css file in your styles folder and add the following to it:
```CSS
/* ./styles/styles.css */

@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;

```

### Configuring your Zola site
Run `yarn init` to create a package.json file in your project root directory, then open package.json and add the following:
```js
  "scripts": {
    "build": "NODE_ENV=production npx tailwindcss -i styles/styles.css -o static/styles/styles.css",
    "watch": "npx tailwindcss -i styles/styles.css -o static/styles/styles.css; zola serve"
  },
```
Your file structure should now resemble the following:
```
/
├─ themes/
├─ templates/
├─ static/
├─ styles/
│  ├─ styles.css
├─ content/
├─ config.toml
├─ package.json
├─ postcss.config.js
├─ tailwind.config.js

```

Open your base.html file, in templates/base.html (assuming, again you followed the Zola first steps tutorial) and add the following to the head section of your page:
```html
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ get_url(path="styles/styles.css") | safe }}" />

```
This ensures your templates will use the stylesheet generated by TailwindCSS.  Finally, you'll want to open templates/blog-page.html. Then wrap the section that outputs the markdown with the following code. This code applies the prose tailwind class to automagically style your markdown content.  You'll be able to customize this at any time later:

```html
<div class=" mt-6 prose prose-indigo prose-lg text-gray-500 mx-auto">
	{{ page.content | safe }}
</div>
		
```
### Running your site
At this point you should be able to run `yarn watch` in your project root, the site will use the TailwindCSS CLI to generate your stylesheet and then `zola serve` will generate your static site and display your local dev url to view your site.
